Tie::Scalar(3pPerl Programmers Reference GTie::Scalar(3perl)



NAME
       Tie::Scalar, Tie::StdScalar - base class definitions
       for tied scalars

SYNOPSIS
           package NewScalar;
           require Tie::Scalar;

           @ISA = qw(Tie::Scalar);

           sub FETCH { ... }           # Provide a needed method
           sub TIESCALAR { ... }       # Overrides inherited method


           package NewStdScalar;
           require Tie::Scalar;

           @ISA = qw(Tie::StdScalar);

           # All methods provided by default, so define only what needs be overridden
           sub FETCH { ... }


           package main;

           tie $new_scalar, 'NewScalar';
           tie $new_std_scalar, 'NewStdScalar';

DESCRIPTION
       This module provides some skeletal methods for
       scalar-tying classes. See perltie for a list of the
       functions required in tying a scalar to a package.
       The basic Tie::Scalar package provides a "new"
       method, as well as methods "TIESCALAR", "FETCH" and
       "STORE". The Tie::StdScalar package provides all the
       methods specified in  perltie. It inherits from
       Tie::Scalar and causes scalars tied to it to behave
       exactly like the built-in scalars, allowing for
       selective overloading of methods. The "new" method is
       provided as a means of grandfathering, for classes
       that forget to provide their own "TIESCALAR" method.

       For developers wishing to write their own tied-scalar
       classes, the methods are summarized below. The
       perltie section not only documents these, but has
       sample code as well:

       TIESCALAR classname, LIST
           The method invoked by the command "tie $scalar,
           classname". Associates a new scalar instance with
           the specified class. "LIST" would represent
           additional arguments (along the lines of
           AnyDBM_File and compatriots) needed to complete
           the association.

       FETCH this
           Retrieve the value of the tied scalar referenced
           by this.

       STORE this, value
           Store data value in the tied scalar referenced by
           this.

       DESTROY this
           Free the storage associated with the tied scalar
           referenced by this.  This is rarely needed, as
           Perl manages its memory quite well. But the
           option exists, should a class wish to perform
           specific actions upon the destruction of an
           instance.

   Tie::Scalar vs Tie::StdScalar
       "Tie::Scalar" provides all the necessary methods, but
       one should realize they do not do anything useful.
       Calling "Tie::Scalar::FETCH" or "Tie::Scalar::STORE"
       results in a (trappable) croak. And if you inherit
       from "Tie::Scalar", you must provide either a "new"
       or a "TIESCALAR" method.

       If you are looking for a class that does everything
       for you you don't define yourself, use the
       "Tie::StdScalar" class, not the "Tie::Scalar" one.

MORE INFORMATION
       The perltie section uses a good example of tying
       scalars by associating process IDs with priority.



perl v5.14.2             2010-12-30       Tie::Scalar(3perl)
